Update configure-client-management-azure.adoc (#222)
mulesoft/docs-access-management: modules/ROOT/pages/configure-client-management-azure.adoc

Anypoint Platform does not support custom scopes. Use the default scope for Microsoft Graph. 

> === Grant Types === 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
=== Grant Types
```

> Microsoft doesn't support specifying grant types when https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/application-post-applications?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=http[creating a new application] and it supports "authorization_code" and "client_credentials" by default. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/graph/api/application-post-applications?view=graph-rest-1.0&tabs=http[creating a new application], Microsoft supports `authorization_code` and `client_credentials` grant types by default. Microsoft does not support specifying other grant types.
```

Author: Thanks for the suggestion. So the confusion customer had here is that they may want to restrict to "authorization_code" only but in fact we don't have control of what's supported at Microsoft Azure. 

Mentioning these two is because we know for sure these 2 are supported by default. There may be more that's supported like "Implicit" grant type but we have not tested it yet. So, I'm not sure about " Microsoft does not support specifying other grant types." Would you help me rephrase it a bit again?

Hopefully I'm making sense.. Let's maybe grab 10min if needed

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a list of supported grant types, see the https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/active-directory/develop/v2-oauth2-auth-code-flow[Microsoft identity platform documentation].
```
